["99.9" playing]
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob!
Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
Get ready! ♪
♪ Coming down
Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob
Can't you feel your own frustration? ♪
♪ Coming down
Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob
What do you want to be? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Break it down ♪
[in English] ♪ Ninety-nine point nine!
Ninety-nine point nine! ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ Cryin' my life, cryin' my psyche ♪
♪ Cryin' my heart in such common places ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ The Mob is alive, the Mob is high ♪
♪ The Mob is staying frustrated
Aren't you? ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
-[in English] ♪ Your life is your own ♪
-♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob!
Get ready! ♪
[song concludes]
THE BATTLE FOR SOCIAL REHABILITATION
~FRIENDSHIP~
[Serizawa] Leave this place.
I don't want you to get hurt.
-And take this guy with you when you go.
-[gasps]
[Serizawa] He's supposed to be a hostage,
but I feel bad for him.
[Mob] Oh, it's the prime minister.
[Serizawa] What? Is that who you are?
-So, I'm free to go, then?
-Yes, sir.
Holy cow.
I just talked to the prime minister!
You're part of the group
that abducted him.
How could you not know?
[Serizawa] Well, I don't really watch TV.
So I guess that means
most people think
we're the bad guys, don't they?
[Mob] But you are. Look at how much damage
you've done to the city.
[Serizawa] It's fine.
The president said most people
had already evacuated beforehand.
The president?
Yeah, that's right.
He's the one who hired me on.
In fact, considering
the hell that was my life,
-you could say he rescued me.
-[pensive music playing]
3 YEARS AGO
SERIZAWA KATSUYA
27 YEARS OLD
[door opens]
What a pig sty.
You've lived like this for 15 years?
Maybe. Who're you?
My name is Suzuki and I'm here to help.
Your mother's concerned,
so she asked me to talk to you.
[Serizawa] Great. Another counselor.
Look, man. Don't try to get any closer,
or you'll get hurt.
I'm not exactly normal.
Yes, I know. I hear that you're an esper.
I understand you better
than you may think.
[Serizawa] Yeah, I'll bet. Go away.
[Toichiro] And why would I do that?
Why don't you tell me how you're feeling?
[Serizawa grunts softly]
No. Don't say anything else.
Please, I'm begging you. Don't annoy me.
[Toichiro] It must be hard
not being able to make friends
because people think your powers
-are creepy.
-[Serizawa] Stop it!
Don't act like you know what it's like!
Just… just go away!
[Toichiro] People bullied you
out of your place in society, didn't they?
[screams] Get out!
-[gasps]
-[Toichiro] You see, I'm an esper, too.
I want you to come with me.
But I can't leave this room.
Whenever I do, I get dizzy.
[gasps]
[Toichiro] It was raining outside earlier.
But now, I'd like to give
this umbrella to you.
Just imagine that when you're under it,
it's the same as being in your room.
There's no reason to worry.
You'll be fine if you're with me.
I'll show you how to harness
-and control your powers.
-[music fades]
[Serizawa] After that,
I became an upper echelon employee of Claw
and regained my place in society.
-Don't you think that's kinda weird?
-[Serizawa] Huh?
I'm no expert,
but it just seems wrong to me.
Think about it.
Aren't you basically being used here?
Say what? Look who's talkin'!
How rude!
What a completely horrible thing to say!
[Mob] You're the one who's horrible.
If this was all you were going to do,
you should've just stayed a shut-in.
Don't you care
how many lives you've ruined?
[Serizawa] The president told me
that world domination
always involves certain sacrifices.
[Mob] Do you believe that, too?
Okay, that's enough.
I'm going to have
to ask you to leave again.
No, Serizawa. I won't.
You chose the wrong person to follow.
[groans]
-Are you all right?
-That umbrella--
Yeah, I noticed.
It's shrouded in some pretty insane power.
[Serizawa]
When I'm under this, I feel safe.
It's just like being in my room.
-If we can take that thing away from him--
-Then he'll lose all his strength.
[grunts]
[gasps]
Trying to immobilize me isn't gonna work!
[groans] That hurt.
-Oh, uh, sorry. Are you okay?
-[breathes shakily]
You were faking?
[Mob] Now, Dimple!
You got it! [gasps]
-[screams]
-Oh, crap!
He goes that nuts after only
a few seconds without his umbrella?
He must have incredible anxiety.
He finally found someone
who understood him
and had no choice but to follow.
He never stood a chance against someone
who used that to their advantage.
I have to tell him.
I'm sorry to say this,
but your president didn't give you peace.
He implanted the idea
that you can't survive
on your own
to chain you to the organization.
[laughs] So are you
some kind of counselor?
You can't rejoin the world this way.
At this rate, if anything,
you won't ever be able to come back.
Like a kid who still has his whole life
ahead of him knows how I feel.
Then tell me,
what in the hell
am I supposed to do then?
No one ever understood this power
I was born with!
People thought I was creepy,
so I'd lose control and destroy things!
Then they'd scold me
and I'd lose control again!
I've even accidentally sent
my mother flying before!
I never knew when I might totally snap!
There was never anybody around
who I could talk to.
'Cause I just wanted to…
I dunno. I just wanted…
I ju…
-I just wanted to have friends.
-[gasps]
I've made some friends in this company.
And they're espers, just like me!
You'd never understand!
[Mob] Of course I do.
-But, those people aren't what you think.
-[pants] Huh?
[Mob] Because I actually have friends.
That's how I know.
They aren't your friends. They're liars.
[stammers] Shut up! I'm warning you!
This isn't good, Shigeo!
That's a lot of friggin' energy!
I won't let you go any further!
Those are the president's orders!
He trusts me
and I don't wanna let him down!
Don't kid yourself!
This has nothing to do with trust!
He doesn't really care!
He's just using you!
No! The president got me out of that room
and gave me a reason to live!
Maybe, but he doesn't see you as a person!
Why would you say that?
You said that you didn't wanna
hurt anybody, didn't you?
Then you're just like I am.
It might be hard for you to admit,
but you have to know you're wrong.
Shut up!
Listen, I'll be your friend.
You have my word!
[yells]
Uh…
Whoops. I shot at him.
Shigeo!
But I went all-out!
What?
It feels like you're sucking up
part of my energy.
I can sense everything you're feeling.
So much of your energy is sad.
You took it and turned it
into your own power?
Yeah, I did But here.
You can have it back.
[grunts]
[whimpers]
[Serizawa] What am I seeing?
Wait,
he's… he's the same as me.
FRIENDSHIP
[music fades]
[Toichiro] Due to this little uprising
you and your friends led,
I'm going to have
to recruit more soldiers.
Please, Dad, you've gotta stop this.
None of those guys
are of much help to you.
You know that.
Since you're my son,
I'm going to let you in
on a little secret.
The project of applying stress
to normal human beings
to awaken any ESP they may have?
It was a failure.
Even if it did happen
to stir up some latent skills,
the results were insignificant at best.
[Sho] But wait, I saw them.
Are you calling
those powers insignificant?
You mean, the ones they're out there using
like there's no tomorrow?
Those happen to be my powers.
I'm able to share my abilities
with anyone I choose.
At the same time, I can absorb
other people's abilities as my own.
That's what gives me the upper hand,
and I've kept this secret from everyone.
You're saying you gave those 600 soldiers
out there your power?
[Toichiro] And that's just
a mere fraction of the energy
I've accumulated over the years.
But just because it's a fraction,
doesn't make it any less vital.
I'll be reclaiming my energy
from those who have lost.
[groans] I finally get it.
My dad's not human.
He's a monster made up of energy!
There's a lesson
that can be learned here, Sho.
And that would be that
only one absolute being
can be the true protagonist of this world.
[Sho] Absolute being?
[gasps]
[Sho] Wait! You're--
[music fades]
You're Ritsu's older brother.
If you're here, then that must mean
my detonator went off
the way I hoped it would.
Does that mean you're the one
who set my house on fire?
[scoffs] You're probably pissed
about that. Either way,
I'd suggest you leave here.
There isn't anyone in the world
who can defeat my dad.
I'm not mad anymore.
I'm sure there's a lot
you're trying to deal with.
I mean, look at what
your own father has done to you.
And who are you?
[Mob] He's been worried
about you losing control
for a long time now. I can tell.
Because my younger brother
was afraid of me, too.
[Sho] Whoa. He's changed.
[Toichiro] Don't pretend like you know
what's going on with our family.
Serizawa filled me in a little.
He said that your son
was up here trying to stop you.
He said you'd beaten him so badly,
he couldn't bear to watch
and came downstairs.
He felt so pathetic for not stepping in,
he wanted to disappear.
So then Serizawa lost, I take it?
That moron must've gotten sloppy.
No, you're wrong.
Human relationships
aren't so easily defined
as just "winners" and "losers."
It was the president who finally got me
to leave that room. I'm grateful to him.
Even so, I don't understand
the need for us to hurt people.
I've been too scared to think about it,
so I just didn't.
But if my happiness can only come
from someone else's tears,
then it's not something
I want in the first place.
Thank you for making me realize that.
Apparently, trash will never be
anything more than trash.
[sighs] So be it.
I've never really counted
on other people anyway.
Bonding with them is an empty
and meaningless gesture.
And at the end of the day,
I am wholly complete while on my own.
But that's not true at all.
You just don't get it.
Everyone grows because
of the encounters they have with others.
People need other people in their lives.
And someday, you'll need them, too.
When that day comes,
you're going to regret it.
Let me help you.
When you need somebody to talk to,
I'll be there.
You want to be a shoulder
I can lean on? [chuckles]
Save that kind of talk
for the pathetic weaklings of the world.
There's something you should know.
My dad has the ability to give people
his energy while stealing theirs.
On top of that, he's got a massive
30-year stockpile of energy
at his disposal.
Meanwhile, I can barely even move.
-If that's the case, maybe I can help you.
-[Sho] Hm?
[gasps] Amazing.
[Toichiro gasps]
He has the same power as me?
-Can you move?
-Y… yeah, I can sorta stand, at least.
Good to hear.
I suggest you evacuate.
I'm going to do my best to--
-[groans]
-You are my rival.
[groans]
Dad! No!
-[Sho yells]
-Stay out of this.
He has the potential
to become my mortal enemy.
Listen, I only came here to talk to you.
Just give it up, Shigeo!
You can't talk to guys like him!
You're annoying.
-[Dimple screams]
-Be gone.
Dimple, no!
[Teruki] Was it really a good idea
to let him go in alone?
I've never seen my brother openly
call out his authority like that before.
He looked like
he was in pain to me, though.
He's not usually the type
to charge in to a fight.
What do you think, Reigen? Any insight?
At first glance, Mob may look unreliable,
but you can't deny his strength.
You're talking about
his insane telekinesis, right?
[Reigen] That's part of it.
But it's just one of the qualities
I'm referring to.
What makes him truly great
is his ability to tell people
exactly how he feels.
And that speaks to their heart far more
than anything else could.
By expressing those feelings,
Mob's honest nature helps others--
Uh--
[groans]
It's Dimple!
What's wrong?
Are you okay? Where's Mob?
I don't know,
but things are lookin' pretty bad here.
That Boss guy seemed hell-bent
on killing Shigeo.
[grunts]
-Four-eyes. You got a sec?
-Huh?
Now, what was it you wanted to tell me?
[Mob] You said that bonding with others
is empty and meaningless.
But you couldn't be more wrong.
No one's born complete.
Everybody's lacking something.
Helping each other
is what gives our lives meaning.
All of you are so myopic and boring.
Even among those who happen
to be blessed with the gift of ESP,
my powers surpass each one.
When I came to that realization,
it appeared as though the entire world
could fit right in the palm of my hand.
That was when I was in middle school,
the same age you two are now.
While I followed my destiny,
you both let your minds put
a halt to all progress,
leaving you to live the same boring,
mundane existence
as the powerless ones around you.
No.
You're the one who's been stuck
in the same mindset since middle school.
There are far more unique people
in this world than you seem to believe.
And just as many views and outlooks.
No one should be able to place a value
on another person's way of life.
Don't give me that
"moral high ground" routine.
I have no need to rely on others
to make up for any deficiencies I have
because I have the ability to steal,
use, and rule as I see fit.
CLAW
My goal in life is to leave
a huge mark upon this world.
And now is the time
for that goal come to fruition.
-[grunts]
-[Sho] Hey. Listen.
Don't worry about me. Just finish him!
How foolish.
And to think I had actually considered
letting you inherit the world
I was going to take over.
But apparently, Sho,
you have become a failure.
[whimpers]
Hey.
[Toichiro] Are you angry on Sho's behalf?
[laughs] You truly are a simple child.
You need to shut your mouth.
Still, I'm game.
Show me everything you've got.
[gasps, groans]
Oh, man. This is rough.
[groans]
Stop it!
Watch carefully. This is what happens
to those who are weak.
[sighs]
[Toichiro] You have some nerve trying
to lecture me when you're so feeble.
You've wasted my time.
-[Reigen] Don't move.
-Hmm?
This thing's loaded, by the way.
[Toichiro] Sakurai's Jugan.
You're going to need much more
than that to threaten me.
M… Master…
Mob, stay still.
[gunshot]
I'm not sensing any kind
of power from you at all.
You'll stay out of this
if you know what's good for you.
Huh?
Apparently, you still don't understand
how powerful I am.
-[sighs]
-[Reigen] Hey.
You still alive, Mob?
I don't know what I was thinking,
letting you go off alone like that.
My mind was probably distracted
by all the weirdness goin' on around me.
I failed as a master.
You did well.
I'll buy you some takoyaki
on our way home.
He calls you "Master?"
Even though you lack the skills
to see how powerful I am?
So you're also somebody
who tricks others and steals from them.
-Interesting.
-[Reigen] Well, this is ironic.
Look, if you ask me,
you're pretty short-sighted.
'Cause you only see unseen powers.
Gotta say, I feel sorry for ya.
-[Toichiro] What's that supposed to mean?
-I'm saying, ESP is great and all,
but it's not the only cool power
people can have.
And that's going to be your downfall.
Off the top of my head,
I can think of four ways to beat you.
[Toichiro] Really?
You should give them a try, then.
Oh, no, I didn't mean me.
However, I do have a request.
-[dramatic music playing]
-Will you let me join your side?
[Toichiro] And what good does that do me?
[Reigen] I could easily persuade
my student,
who's unconscious there to do so, too.
And all the guys on the ground.
That should be reason enough.
[Toichiro] Maybe if you tell me
about these methods of defeating me.
If you actually have any.
[Reigen] Allow me to fill you in
on some powers
other than ESP that you're not aware of.
As for the first one,
It's something that espers should really
be extremely cautious about.
And that is brute strength, ya moron!
[gasps]
It makes sense you two
are master and student.
-What a pair of fools.
-[Reigen] Uh.
Wait! Time out! I give up!
I'll do anything you want me to.
You have put me
-in an extremely foul mood.
-[Reigen whimpers]
N… no, wait! Let's talk about this!
-[gasps]
-No!
-What's going on up there?
-Please be okay.
Made it just in time. President.
For once in my life,
I'm trying to be courageous.
Serizawa.
You've completely betrayed me now.
-And you know what that means.
-[Mob] Forget it.
-[gasps]
-[Mob] That's enough talk.
RAGE
Huh.
[Mob] Let me just tell you one last thing.
Those who don't understand
the feelings of others--
Ah, what's the point?
Some people have to learn the hard way.
-Is that--
-It's my brother.
[grunts] Shigeo.
Mob just lost it.
Is… is there anything
I can do to try and help you guys?
Hey, Serizawa.
Take my master
and the others and evacuate.
Your punishment comes first!
[both yelp]
[Serizawa] Shigeo!
-Holy crap.
-Look!
[both scream]
Where's Shige? [gasps]
Are those plants?
[groans]
Look at that.
So, the Boss really
did cast Serizawa aside.
Sorry, who?
I apologize, but I definitely owe him.
[Hatori] Don't do it, Minegishi!
You don't wanna piss off the boss!
Glad to see you're alive, Hatori.
Minegishi, too. [scoffs]
It seems I'm now in a situation
where anybody can betray me.
It's back to the drawing board, I suppose.
Disappear.
[all groan]
Disappear. Disappear. Disappear.
[chuckles, groans]
[yells]
Well, you're enthusiastic, aren't you?
OUTPUT 10%
You're too weak to challenge me.
I'm still only using 10% of my energy.
If that's your 100%
then this is pointless.
[gasps]
What the hell is that?
I see what's happening here.
You were provoking an internal reaction.
Now I'll be able to hit you
with everything.
All my power,
and all my rage!
[music fades]
["Memosepia" playing]
[singing in Japanese]
[song concludes]
[Reigen] The final battle begins
between a furious Mob
and the arrogant energy demon, Suzuki.
Careful!
Don't push yourself too hard, Mob!
Next time on Mob Psycho 100 II,
episode 13.
"Boss Fight ~The Final Light~".
Watching the finale in real time
is an excellent decision.